Data acquisition is a somewhat complex task requiring coordination of up to eight distinct instruments (microscope camera, microscope stage, filter cube wheel motor, LED light source, sourcemeter 1 and 2, waveform generator, lock-in amplifier). Most of these can be controlled through Python scripts by making use of the appropriate pymeasure modules. The camera is controlled using MicroManager software in the BeanShell language, but we have developed these into Python subprocesses that can be called within the main control script. The filter cube wheel motor is driven by an Arduino UNO and communicates with Python using serial communication through the "motor_update_slider" module if the correct program has been loaded onto the Arduino beforehand. 

The film and device degradation experiments use essentially the same instrumentation but in sufficiently different ways that distinct Python control scripts are given here ("Device_Degradation_DAQ_script.py" and "Film_Degradation_DAQ_script.py"). Python subprocesses controlling the camera are the same for both classes of experiments and can be found in the bs2py ("BeanShell to Python") subdirectory. Control codes for the motor that changes filter cube settings/imaging modes can be found in the microscope_1/motor subdirectory. The "Motor_upgrade_slider_test.ino" code should be preloaded onto the Arduino; after loading the "motor_update_slider.py" module and defining an instance of the "Stepper_motor_slider" class in Python, the motor will be able to receive commands and relay status updates over the serial port.

Detailed protocols for data acquisition in different modes may be found in the "Standard Operating Procedures" folder.
